add doc about flag in macro (#36827)
JuliaLang/julia: doc/src/manual/metaprogramming.md

what they do -- and all they do is construct expression objects to be inserted into your program's
syntax tree.

> In additional, you can define marco like this:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In addition, you can define a macro like this:
```
